sequence - something that repeat itself


Length of a Co-op
Summer= minimum of 12 weeks (more is always acceptable) 
Fall or Spring semester= minimum of 14weeks
Hours/week: minimum of 35 hours/week


remote online? Or in-person

why do u apply?

what do u know about our conpant?

what position?

why do u think you fit?

tell me about u?

elevator pitch
I’m JiaJia. I'm a sophomore majoring in Web & Mobile Computing at RIT.  
Through my classes and personal projects, I have become skilled in using HTML, CSS, Java, PHP, and JavaScript.
Database mySQL 
I love to create web applications that work flawlessly and keep users engaged also i am intersted in design mobile app. 
I am looking in applying those same skills in a co-op opportunity for this summer and next fall semester. 




As you can tell for major
we learn web application, which invlove html,css, javascript, php, design principle for the web。
When designing, we need to consider the screen size and all the other factors. 
For example, is it suitable for this software system.


For the mobile cpmputing which involve c++, prototype, other outside resource, design
 priciple, need to consider material and ios design...

For either mobile or web, we need to consider the the store database, as well as full 
functioning web or mobile app. Learn datbase, mysql.
Use java to connect these function.

I learn how to manages prodecut. like say for mobile. How does the process goes. Team work
The mjor relate to the design, programming, software engieneer Front-end and Back-end application




About Compan

Windstream is a leading provider of advanced network communications and technology solutions for consumers, 
small businesses, enterprise organizations and carrier partners across the U.S. Windstream offers bundled services, 
including broadband, security solutions, voice and digital TV to consumers. The company also provides data, cloud solutions, 
unified communications and managed services to business and enterprise clients. The company supplies core transport solutions 
on a local and long-haul fiber-optic network spanning approximately 125,000 miles.


Why do u apply?
I want to work with a company that has a positive work environment. 
I see on the webpage about the diverse environment you have. And values that align with 
my own has remained a priority throughout my job search, and this company ranks at the top of the list.



I’ve been passionate about user experience design and that is what I seeking. 
I was excited to see this company work closely with internal and external teams of 
developers, UI/​UX professionals, graphic designers. Digital Experience group. It is 
match what I wanted.


I’m a natural problem-solver. I find it rewarding to dig deep and uncover solutions to 
challenges. It’s something I’ve always excelled at. Also, I like to 
manage everything on time, be organize. This is were When I was in a group project,
I will be the one who did the managment. Be award of the due date, organize the file.
And communicate with group member to do enerything on time.


hear from you email?

I have a few questions.
Is it online remote or in-person?

What does a typical day look like for a person in this position?

I’ve really enjoyed learning more about this opportunity. What are the next steps in the hiring process?



Hi Interviewer Name,

 

Thank you so much for meeting with me today. It was such a pleasure to learn more about the team and the [position title] position with [company name]. I am very excited about the opportunity to bring my strong foundation in [relevant skills], in addition to my experience with [relevant experiences].  I was very interested to learn about [something you learned about that was interesting], and I think my experience with [specific skill/experience] would be a great addition to your team.

 

I look forward to hearing from  you about the next steps in the hiring process, and please do not hesitate to contact me if I can provide additional information.

 

Best regards,

Ritchie Tiger








